[SECURITY] [docs] Add warning about integrity of pre_encrypted_ota (IDFGH-12071) (#13132)
espressif/esp-idf: examples/system/ota/pre_encrypted_ota/README.md

This firmware will be fetched and then decrypted on device before being flashed.
This allows firmware to remain `confidential` on the OTA update channel irrespective of underlying transport (e.g., non-TLS).

> > [!CAUTION]
> > Using the Encrypted Binary OTA provides confidentiality of the firmware, but does not provide integrity of the firmware: if an attacker is able to read out the firmware of one device, they can also construct arbitrary encrypted OTA updates. To defend against this, you'll additionally need to use [ESP32 secure boot V2](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/latest/esp32/security/secure-boot-v2.html).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!CAUTION]
> Using the Pre-encrypted Binary OTA provides confidentiality of the firmware, but it does not ensure authenticity of the firmware. For ensuring that the firmware is coming from trusted source, please consider enabling secure boot feature along with the Pre-encrypted binary OTA. Please refer to security guide in the ESP-IDF docs for more details.

```
